Readme template (#18)
hashicorp/terraform-random-tfe-utility: templates/template.README.md

-  A [publicly / privately] accessible [HTTP / TCP] load balancer with TLS [termination / pass-through] 
-  A [mitm / squid]proxy server with TLS termination 

## Prerequisites

 > *This section describes the prerequisites assumed by the installation modules.*
 > *Prerequisites are external resources that the module consumes like TFE license,certificates, vm-image, airgap package etc*

This example assumes that the following resources exist:

- TFE license is on a filepath defined by var.license_file 
- Airgap prerequisites :
  - The vm image (only for completely air-gapped environment) is prepared according to the [documentation](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/install/interactive/installer#prepare-the-instance)
    - Certificate and key data is present on the vm image at the following paths (when applicable):
      - The value of the secret represented by the root module's vm_certificate_secret_id variable is present at the  path defined by var.tls_bootstrap_cert_pathname (0600 access permissions).
      - The value of the secret represented by the root module's vm_key_secret_id is present at the path defined by var.tls_bootstrap_key_pathname (0600 access permissions).

>       - The value of the secret represented by the root module's ca_certificate_secret_id is present at the path:

Reviewer: I don't think these certificate secret variables are consistent across the modules yet, so you may want to make a note of that.

Author: I changed the variable names to those used by this module

    - For GCP  : <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#authentication>
 8. `terraform init`
 9. `terraform plan`
10. `terraform apply`

## Post-deployment Tasks

> *This section describes activities after deployment is triggered. If a proxy is deployed, provide instructions to set up local connection to the proxy as well.*

The build should take approximately 10-15 to deploy. Once Terraform completes, give the platform another 10 minutes or so prior to attempting to interact with it in order for all containers to start up.

Unless amended, this example will not create an initial admin user using the IACT, but does output the URL for convenience. Follow the advice in this document in order to create the initial admin user, and login to the system using this user in order to configure it for use.

### Connecting to proxy/bastion server

> *Applicable only when connecting via proxy/bastion host*

1. To create a tunnel for Chrome:
   ```
   Applications > System Preferences > Network > Advanced > Proxies
   [X] SOCKS Proxy
   localhost : 5000
   OK —> Apply

>    ```

Reviewer: I would explain this in bullet points as opposed to putting it in a code block, since it's not code.

Author: I added separate instructions for windows and mac

 > *Prerequisites are external resources that the module consumes like TFE license,certificates, vm-image, airgap package etc*

This example assumes that the following resources exist:

- TFE license is on a filepath defined by var.license_file 
- Airgap prerequisites :
  - The vm image (only for completely air-gapped environment) is prepared according to the [documentation](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/install/interactive/installer#prepare-the-instance)
    - Certificate and key data is present on the vm image at the following paths (when applicable):
      - The value of the secret represented by the root module's key_secret_id variable is present at the  path defined by var.tls_bootstrap_cert_pathname (0600 access permissions).
      - The value of the secret represented by the root module's certificate_secret_id variable is present at the path defined by var.tls_bootstrap_key_pathname (0600 access permissions).
      - The value of the secret represented by the root module's ca_certificate_secret_id variable is present at the path:
        RHEL   - /usr/share/pki/ca-trust-source/anchors/tfe-ca-certificate.crt

>         Ubuntu - /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/extra/tfe-ca-certificate.crt

Reviewer: missing bullets

  - The URL of an airgap package
  - The airgap package is on a filepath defined by var.tfe_license_bootstrap_airgap_package_path
  - The extracted Replicated package from https://install.terraform.io/airgap/latest.tar.gz is at `/tmp/replicated/replicated.tar.gz`
- A DNS zone

> - Valid managed SSL certificate to use with load balancer:
>   - For GCP:
>     Create/Import a managed SSL Certificate in Network Services -> Load Balancing to serve as the certificate for the DNS A Record.
>   - For AWS:
>     Create/Import a managed SSL Certificate using AWS ACM to serve as the certificate for the DNS A Record.
>   - For Azure:
>     An Azure Key Vault in which the following are stored:
>     - TFE CA certificate (certificate)
>     - Key Vault secret which contains the Base64 encoded version of a PEM encoded public certificate for the Virtual Machine Scale Set
>     - Key Vault secret which contains the Base64 encoded version of a PEM encoded private key for the Virtual Machine Scale Set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Valid managed SSL certificate to use with load balancer:
  - <GCP> Create/Import a managed SSL Certificate in Network Services -> Load Balancing to serve as the certificate for the DNS A Record.
  - <AWS> Create/Import a managed SSL Certificate using AWS ACM to serve as the certificate for the DNS A Record.
  - <Azure> An Azure Key Vault in which the following are stored:
    - TFE CA certificate (certificate)
    - Key Vault secret which contains the Base64 encoded version of a PEM encoded public certificate for the Virtual Machine Scale Set
    - Key Vault secret which contains the Base64 encoded version of a PEM encoded private key for the Virtual Machine Scale Set.
```

Author: slightly changed format as <hidden content> is used to hide data

>   - Azure - An Azure Key Vault secret which contains the Base64 encoded version of a PEM encoded certificate and private key for mitm proxy server

Reviewer 2: The order of the clouds in this sub-list should be the same as the order of the clouds in the previous sub-list

Author: updated

  - GCP - GCP Secret ID which contains the Base64 encoded version of a PEM encoded certificate and private key for mitm proxy server

## How to Use This Module

*This section provides step-by-step instructions on how to run the module for each cloud provider. This includes steps on how to set credentials, provider block, creating any local files such as terraform.auto.tfvars and commands that are triggered to init, plan and apply.*

### Deployment

>  1. Read the entire README.md for the main module.

Reviewer 2: Common terminology is root module instead of main module right?

Reviewer 2: legit question, feel free to shoot it down.

Reviewer: Correct, "root module" is what we'd use.

Author: updated

 2. Ensure account meets module pre-requisites from above.

>  3. Clone repository to local machine.

Reviewer 2: Might want to drop the local machine language here, as it's possible that a consumer is executing these from a CI/CD system or actions operation.

Author: updated

 5. Create a local terraform.auto.tfvars file and instantiate the required inputs as required in respective ./examples/<example_name>/variables.tf file
 6. Modify var.license_file with appropriate local path to the Terraform Enterprise license.

>  7. Authenticate against provider:
>     - For Azure: <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/guides/azure_cli>
>     - For AWS  : <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration>
>     - For GCP  : <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#authentication>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 7. Authenticate against <provider>. See [instructions](replace with appropriate URL below).
    - <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/guides/azure_cli>
    - <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration>
    - <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#authentication>
```

Author: <> seems to be hiding content, Hence updated without them

>  6. Modify var.license_file with appropriate local path to the Terraform Enterprise license.

Reviewer 2: Setting this value is a part of writing the values in step 5. IMO 6 isn't necessary, or if you want to mention this specifically you could say "instantiate required inputs...    ... including the path to the license under the license_file variable value"

Author: Added

>  7. Authenticate against [cloud (aws/azurerm/goggle)] provider. See [instructions](replace with appropriate URL below).

Reviewer 2: no need for the `( replace with... )` anymore

Reviewer: The `(replace with...)` was my idea because we obviously don't want to include all three clouds' instructions for each example when they'll be in the cloud specific repo. Just wasn't sure how to indicate that it was variable being in a README template. New territory for me.

Author: i dropped the word "cloud" and updated :  [(aws/azurerm/google)]

 8. `terraform init`
 9. `terraform plan`
10. `terraform apply`

## Post-deployment Tasks

> *This section describes activities after deployment is triggered. If a proxy is deployed, provide instructions to set up local connection to the proxy as well.*

> The build should take approximately 10-15 to deploy. Once Terraform completes, give the platform another 10 minutes or so prior to attempting to interact with it in order for all containers to start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build should take approximately 10-15 minutes to deploy. Once the module has completed, give the platform another 10 minutes or so prior to attempting to interact with it in order for all containers to start up.
```

>  9. `terraform plan`

Reviewer 2: might be worth noting to carefully inspect the plan to ensure that all changes are intended.  it's not exactly liability protection but it's worth noting.

Author: Good point! will add
